I just wanna be like you walk like talk
like even think like you look the only
one I could look to you teaching me to
be just like you
well I just gotta be like like I just
gotta be like you yeah fucking keep
Uncle Ricky before the Lord get me I
gotta say something quickly I your bitch
he says my daddy wouldn't women shoe
however picky I'll take any male figure
you step in at the
time it's cuz of you that I write rhymes
you try they never knew that a lot of
way you used to come through teach me to
do the things that men do it true you
show the stuff my body shouldn't see but
you're barely made it up please do your
wings or what a hex I wanna close just
like you lean to the side when I roll
just like you and care of people didn't
like you you wanna bang I wanna bang to
Scotland I rule you would have died I
would've died to you went the prison got
sick lost your pops yeah cries soon
you never knows right behind you I got a
little son now and he do whatever I do
but it's something deep inside you I
tell you was got to be more than doing
what other guys do they had nobody there
to guide you but I followed your
footsteps and this shouldn't surprise
you
you realize you you realize you you yeah
I just want to be like you
now all I see is money cars Jews stars
womanizer stuff guys guns knives or
stars drug pushers touch strippers fast
girls fast like everything I wanted and
everything I could ask
well yes I married an old wives tale Wow
no another way to go this is the only
way they ever show I got this emptiness
inside I got me fighting for approval
cuz I missed that all my daddy saying
way to go and get that verbal
information I know how to treat a woman
there's no how to fix an engine to keep
the car running so now I'm looking at
the media and I'm following what they
feed me rap stars trap stars whoever
wants to lead me even though they lie
they still tell me that they love me
they say I'm good and bad things at
least they're proud of me
I was created by God but I am gonna be
like him I wanted
the JAXA fellow or my Caribbean I
remember the first created being and how
we shifted the blame
tarisha me and i'm looking ass all that
I eaten wearing this out of fig leaves
but Louise but I make believe it but God
sees
with pride and I we planned out
Lucifer's lives within in steps Jesus
all men were created to leave but we
needed somebody to lead us more than a
teacher but somebody to buy us back from
the darkness you can say he redeemed us
taught us that three leaders follow God
finish the work cause we got a job
taught us not to rob
give my love a wife like you love the
church without singing how many hearts
we can break first I want to be like you
in every way so if I got to die every
day
unworthy sacrifice but the least I can
do is give the most of me coz being just
like you was what I'm supposed to be I
say he came for the lane I'm the lamest
I made a mess but you say you'll erase
it I'll take it
they say you came for the lane on the
lamest I broke my life but you say
you'll replace it I'll take it